There I was thinking about is when you
know you've got learners signed up to a
course and then you're sending out the
e-mail for the launch event.
Yeah.
But then am I right in thinking if they
can't,
you give them an option of launch events
or potentially they can't make them?
We, we, we,
we we try to to some launches we will run
revised events for leadership management
we do the launch in there and and data so
DPDA and DDL we run revised sessions for
mainly because we have a lot of volume of
those.
And not so much on the others.
So where we have those we've planned in
or we plan in a list of dates and we've
created forms on monday.
com whereby we paste the link into the
invite.
So the invite goes hi Peter please.
As you really join in the course,
it should start on this day.
It should be on this time. However,
if you can't attend,
please click on one only of the links
below and we'll arrange for a revised
launch for you,
and so they the idea is to click one of
OK.
those. We're getting people clicking.
Both we're getting people still sending
those emails,
but that's kind of a user issue that we
need to sort of figure out how we tighten
up on.
But that then drops in to our Monday
board.
We then will pick that up on a daily
basis every other day sort of at the
latest and then.
So we'll add them to the invite for the
revised launch session,
because that's the one they've told us
they want to attend,
and then we send a tracker off to apptem,
to ECC so that they can update the start
date on Apptem to match the date that we
run with.
OK.
Now that is a big part of the programme
in terms of not the programme,
a big part of our role in terms of we're
busy,
we send out quite a lot of invites to
obviously a lot of people and then it's
picking through those when people return
saying I can't attend it and that was the
fastest.
That we we came up with previously,
it was just an e-mail came in.
It was either a declined e-mail and we
would follow up or they would write back
Yeah.
to us saying I can't do this.
I'm away on leave or I'm in a meeting or
whatever the reason is.
And then we would send back a revise.
So we've managed to cut back on a lot of
those.
Emails,
but it would be nice to get some kind of
an automation or something where we can
plug those data in because obviously it's
a fixed point in time, isn't it?
It's once we've once we've committed to a
Yeah.
revised launch date,
then that's in the book.
Everybody knows it,
BD knows the ECC knows it,
so we can't move it.
That easily. So that's where maybe yeah,
I can be able to pick that out and we're
going, oh, you're on this programme.
We've got these dates,
but there are some rules that we look at
because you don't want somebody starting
too late.
So ideally you want them within month
first of all and we've started,
we've started to offer out launch dates
or.
Advised launch dates that are earlier
than the cohort launch date, but again,
we've got to be a little bit careful
about who is going to be the PDE and
who's on that facility of the coach
rather now, isn't it their coach?
So that if it's a new person occasionally.
We've been having where a coach doesn't
join the company until after the cohort
launch, which isn't ideal,
but obviously if we're arranging an early
Yeah.
launch then that puts on a little bit
more pressure for Sally.
Carter and her team to make sure with the
learn every scene within those first
three weeks,
because obviously that's that's your
major compliance issue.
OK. Yeah.
Quite a lot moving parts.
Yeah.
Yes, I can. That's yeah,
that's similar to what I was thinking.
You have monday.com in there.
Is that purely just to collate a list of
Yeah.
people who can't?
Yeah.
Pretend is there any other function used?
No, we do a lot. We do a lot with Monday.
So our if I share the screen,
our resourcing is primarily done on
monday.com.
So I think the long term is we'll
probably end up losing this.
Programme.
There's a few of the higher management
aren't really keen on it.
It's quite expensive to use and when you
work through we've got lots of different
systems.
So trying to connect everything now BD
work on HubSpot for their bits we work on
Yeah.
monday.
com for our resourcing and our other bits
and then obviously the learner details.
And everything are in Uptown.
So what we have so how the system will
work is currently and this is more about
managing changes is I go to HubSpot.
And I can see all the up and coming deals
up until February.
And I and I do that on a daily basis.
So to automate that would be quite nice.
Yeah.
OK.
I do that on a daily basis.
Then what I do.
Wait, wait. See. See.
Look in and you look at all the new. Yeah.
Yeah,
so so there's an advanced philtre there.
So the close date is the launch date is
between today and then the 28th of
February. So I look six months in advance.
The reason for that is and I'll load up.
OK.
The spreadsheet that I've got.
And the reason why it's a manual,
because we could,
we could do this automatically,
which would be lovely. However,
we want to be able to monitor the changes.
So let me turn that back on there.
So what happens is I've got a yesterday
report, so that was pulled on Friday.
I've got a today report that's been
pulled today and then through power query
it then pulls out the 2 reports and then
Yeah.
through some conditional formatting.
Yeah.
I can see on here where changes have
occurred. So for example,
Yep.
there was no deal there yesterday and
sorry, there is no deal there today.
But there was a deal there yesterday.
So that's either being lost.
Or it's gone as in the dates past.
So these two dates there have happened
their launches.
It's occurred this one is in the future,
but that deal has now been lost.
And that deal has now been lost purple.
Their new deals are just showing up on
today's report,
so they weren't there yesterday,
so their new deals at BD are fed into the
system. OK,
so I can I I can sort of I can do an
upload of those into Monday and that's
quite quick now,
but it's things where if I take this out.
So if I put in there.
Take out the blanks and take out the
blanks of here.
Then what I'm left with is deals that
were on today's report and yesterday's
Yeah.
report,
and then if I philtre by colour for the
close date,
these launches have changed their launch
date so that one was due to.
Be running on the 30th of October has now
moved out to the 3rd of December.
Yeah.
That one was the 12th of November.
Moved out to the 26th,
12th and 20th of November.
Moved out to the third of the 12th.
So it's these little changes that we need
to be tracking.
To then provide an update,
so I will make the change on uh.
Monday.com.
Yeah.
And if I clear this out and go to the
main table in here,
we have all of the deals that we've we've
worked on this year, right? Everything.
So from the start of January,
right the way through?
And we've got them split into open deals,
which is lots of smaller deals that then
come together to form the larger cohort.
So what I would do is I would copy that
into there.
I would make the change in date which is
now the third,
but then I also send a message to
everybody that's working on the board so
that they can see the changes happened
and that's the big one because we've got
so many deals because I mean we could we
could feed this in on a daily basis no
problem and you could have it updated.
And on a daily basis, no problem.
But it's getting that message so that
where someone's working on a deal,
they know that there's an issue with it
or the numbers have increased or whatever,
because if a number increases,
that could mean you're getting a new PDE
or a new coach. Sorry.
Or it could be we swapping coaches around,
so there's lots of technicalities as to
why that's that needs to be done on a
manual check basis.
Does does that all make sense so far?
Yeah, yeah, it it. It does.
And then we've got a few more boards that
are connected.
So where we start and add resource.
So this is your coach.
This is a new coach.
There's a process here whereby we send an
e-mail. So are you still coaching?
Are you permanently on your other role?
None.
I'm not currently coaching,
but technically my contract is as a coach.
It's still, yeah. So,
so the reason I was asking is you'll know
the back end of this point where we then
send out an e-mail or resources sends out
an e-mail to you to say hi, Peter,
this is what we're giving you as the next
cohort, you're happy with it,
is there any issues you'd?
Confirm it with your DD. Say you're happy,
let us know and then everything can roll
forward.
So we use it for the resourcing on that
side.
We also use it as a planning board and
there's a separate view on here for my
team where we see where the progress is,
what's needing set up in the background
so the slides.
The workshops all of those bits,
but we carry details on here like the
bespoke programme name start and end
times, who's going to facilitate?
Do we have any specific learner
adjustments we need to make?
Is there a guest speaker?
So there's a lot on there or the location
if it's a face to face launch.
So we don't just use one set of, you know,
we're not just using Monday just to pull
bits through.
So that's the resource inside.
And then separately and the customer
success team use this board as well as my
team.
And this is the onboarding part we have
learners in onboarding and here should be
listed all of the learners.
If I go into there,
all of the learners who were coming onto
programme and have been enrolled within
the last, I think it's 120 days.
And they're all grouped.
So for example August launch there is we
can see 33 learners on there.
We can see the states of them and we can
see where they are within the launch
process.
So there's quite a few bits in there.
Separate to that is the well,
I say separate is the invites,
So what we will do as a team is we will
get noticed that the CLM has been created
and then if I'm find on here.
Launch status is to be invited,
then this is a great example.
So we've got the CLM for this.
So these are all the learners that
originally are planned to attend.
The launch they're going to join the
programme and then what we need to do is
Yeah.
we need to turn all of these into the
invite.
So all of these names need to go on the
invite and we can do that through an
export, which is relatively simple.
So all of those names go on to the invite.
The invite is then sent.
Yeah.
And then that's where you start and get
that feedback,
where learners will then start to say I
can't make that date or I can't do the
Yeah.
morning or whatever reason they can't
attend.
And that is where we then if I open.
Let's go to today.
I open.
This one up so this in this invite isn't
actually related to that cohort there,
but we've got the details and then
underneath this is what we've inserted.
So full launch attendance is required to
start your programme.
If you cannot attend alternate data
available,
Yeah.
please select only one revised launch
date and that's where they would click
this link.
And then it would take them to the.
You gonna let me do it?
We then get taken to this form.
That one's closed because the launch is
for tomorrow,
OK.
and then what we're doing is we capture
that.
And here.
Wanna be down here actually?
So we capture these details and we're
going to load up.
That's better.
And then we've done some linking whereby
the learner is telling us which launch
they want to go on.
We then link it to that customer learners
in onboarding page and then we update the
status.
On here and then that link will take us
to ECC where we know if I ECC that the
learner is going to attend on the 25th.
And then they're they're physically added
to the next invite for the 25th,
and then they either accept or decline
that one.
And that's kind of the cycle that we work
through on there. But it is, like I said,
quite.
Well,
you've seen there how sort of manual it
is.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Something I'm taking away from this is it.
It is a little bit of a messy process
Yeah.
that does not involve your oversight.
Yes, yes.
Now that.
Therefore makes it quite challenging,
potentially,
for just the standard automation,
because it is not a simple thing, but.
What I'm I know you said you weren't.
So it's particularly confident in AI
tools. Now what we can.
It'd be easier if I just show you and so
I don't try not to get.
Yeah.
It's more my formatting too intimidated
by the sort of the screen.
Yeah.
This is just an AI.
Window that I can type messages in here.
Now what?
Yeah.
How this is different to standard one is
it can connect out to various other
services so it can connect into my inbox.
It can connect into.
I use you were notion.
Uh, no. Last time we spoke,
you did demo it sort of looking at your
Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah. Now,
when you were talking about all the
emails and pieces.
things on monday.com.
Monday, dog.
I think you know you're talking about you.
Change stuff. Messages have to go out.
I think with your kind of oversight,
a tool like this with connectivity would.
Rarely accelerate what you can do because
as well it can write local files.
So let's say you're going through,
you can just say sort of search the inbox
for a literary type search the inbox for
any cohorts with this name and give me a
list of names.
Of the people who have declined as of
yesterday,
and it will do the filtering and the
search and then you can almost say, well,
now take that list,
have a look where their status is on
monday.com and do some other processes.
So it's not that fully automated approach,
but it's almost.
Collecting a lot of the bits and holding
on to them in its memory as it continued,
Yeah.
and this is what so at the weekend what I
was just playing with was I'll try to
find and it won't look too horrible.
Where was it?
An experiment. Why did that go go?
We do have a little issue on.
Outlook capturing.
All responses declines usually aren't too
bad. Well,
I say that usually there's an e-mail will
come through.
Some organisations don't turn on
responses,
so we don't always get to see if someone
is accepted or if they're.
OK.
Declined,
or if the tentative we tend to rely on a
OK.
message coming through so IE you know you
can't attend it,
you'll generally speak up and say I can't
attend that session and then we can take
those steps.
Hence we put that first bit in.
But now that you've now that you've
mentioned this,
Umm.
I've got another potential ID that would
save a little bit of time for us,
but carry on.
So this is I think a simplified
experiment I did of your suit of
onboarding process so.
What it does to start with it,
there's I made a spreadsheet with cohorts
Yeah.
in and it's got 4 alternative dates for
those cohorts. So I just use two dates,
2 cohorts that have 4:00.
Potential dates and I've said there's a
maximum of five people that can go into
each cohort.
I've got another spreadsheet of learners
associated with each cohort.
Yeah.
So what it first does is it would
effectively send out emails with the
invites to those learners,
and it would also automatically update
the outcome component and we can do that
from this local thing. We can't.
At the moment from other methods,
so do that for all of the cohorts that I
can see and then it simulates it,
waits a bit of time and then it has a
look in your inbox.
So real time Inbox check.
And here it's picked up some emails
saying I've received my launch invite.
I have a work commitment.
Could please could I move to that one and
we've got a few emails and then.
What we can see is it updates.
Those people who responded and it's
changed it from from date four.
So it's moved those dates and then
automatically sent the e-mail again.
And.
And as well updated app 10.
Now that's what I can't seem to be able
to do within sort of the power automate.
The Microsoft suite of tools.
And that's sort of what got me thinking
about your workflow,
because this is not a full on automation.
It's the kind of thing that you'd have to
speak.
You'd have to sort of type in the middle
Yeah.
of the day saying check,
run this check for me and it will go
through the cohorts systematically.
It will look at the inbox systematically
and then try to update things and send
off the emails.
I.
It's it's an interesting workflow in your
case,
because it's not give you an AI product
and you press go, it would be sort of you.
You would be given a very powerful tool
and I think you would probably need some
assistance to start with.
But it is still sort of just taking that
tacit knowledge in your head,
typing it in,
working out to what it where it works,
Yeah.
where it doesn't and.
I know there is interest in the business
for helping with onboarding so.
Yeah.
To me, this feels like the type.
It may not look like that.
A tool that could help.
If I get the chance to get some time to
OK, I guess if my boss is effective,
say yes,
I'd like you to try to work on this with
some employees like Simon.
Is that something you would be interested
in?
Definitely, yeah.
OK.
Because I think there's a good
intermediate step here.
I know the business ideally want
everything in Microsoft full automation
go, but yours is messy.
Yeah.
Yes, it's very messy.
I think there's a point also where we've
got to realise that not everything in the
world can be automated and that there is
some interactions and oversight that's
that's needed because, yeah,
I know.
these are these are potentially emails.
But while we're working across those.
Three sort of systems. It is very clunky.
Um.
Yeah.
And I also think just the feeling I get
from sort of conversations with James
Kelly is we don't want to turn into that
organisation where it's very difficult to
get through to a human.
And so therefore this kind of let's just
have the human like you, who sort of.
Armed up to the teeth with tools to make
them more efficient,
Yeah.
but ultimately if someone is rarely
finding it like none of these dates work,
then you can.
You can manage that rather than just
coming back saying to be said no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean,
there's just talk in there.
There's some other tools. And again,
it would be sitting down with someone
who's got a bit of knowledge,
like you said, not even automation tools.
Well,
semi automated tools whereby we can
create invites.
All the information there is just getting
that knowledge out.
So there's one date for the invite.
We've got templates that we use that are
fairly bogged standard.
We've got the revised launch date.
So even just creating those, I mean,
what have we got?
7080 invites that we're sending out.
So even that would save a good amount of
time for people to just one click button.
Yeah.
It gets that information and comes back
and goes.
This is your invite and then we look and
just just that oversight piece but also
pull in the names as well that would be
that'd be a fantastic start.
Yeah.
OK, I think.
Yeah,
if if my boss is effectively say yeah,
onboarding is something we want to look
into my kind of answer would be it's a
messy one.
It's the kind of thing that we would work.
I think it's going to be a mixture of
training and product rather than just
develop something and ship it out.
I don't think you're.
Yeah.
Error is suitable for that and it it
could be like you're saying sort of
templates and stuff that could just be
some skills within Microsoft Word and
Yeah.
Microsoft Excel.
A bit of combination and create a little
tool for yourself.
So yeah, that,
that's there's absolutely no guarantees.
I have no idea where the business want to
go,
but if that is something that would be
interesting,
I think it's a good sort of pilot case
actually of sort of training and tools as
Yeah.
opposed to generic training on one
extreme, which is OK,
but not usually that specific.
Or a complete tool that there's someone's
job on the other extreme,
this is it's that middle ground that
really needs to be attacked.
So if there is appetite for that,
I I would like to sort of push your your
Yeah.
case and your examples forward for that.
Definitely. I mean,
I've had conversations with Alan who
started to look at this and the full
process.
Yeah. So I'm in Chile.
Yeah, yeah.
And then the last time I checked in with
him, it sort of said, you know,
a bit like you in terms of there is that
appetite. Yes, definitely.
We want to look at this.
We understand that it's a, you know,
it's a very convoluted.
System that we're running and I'm going
to check back in is like, no,
we've got no confirmed dates on as to
whether we are running with this.
So I'm stuck in that limbo,
sort of because I've got quite a lot of
people that's talking to me saying, well,
we can look at this and we could
potentially do this.
But there's actually nobody's come back
and said yes,
we're going to sit down and we're going
to focus on how we do that. But even,
you know,
just that one tool that isn't necessarily,
I say it's not necessarily that complex
to create thinking about these are all
fixed points in time.
Sort of thing. It's all fixed data,
isn't it?
We know that the learners that are going
on the CLM,
we know when the data of the launches,
we know the time of the launch and just
pulling that in to just create that one
tool that will save a lot of time and cut
down on any errors that might come around
as well.
You know,
so that would definitely help us.
Yeah, I mean, I mean,
I'd love the opportunity just to sort of
sit down with you maybe for like 3-4 days
for like 2 hours a day or something where
you we rarely get into a problem and I
spend the rest of the days working on
this is how you're going to do it between
Word, Excel and ChatGPT or something.
Yeah.
And then we.
We keep going, but it's I have an idea.
Like a feeling.
I do need to sort of sit down and we
would say like this is where they sit and
Yeah.
stuff like that.
And I think there's so many areas of the
Yeah.
business where this can benefit and
people just don't have the time to sort
of like there's no expectation on you
that you go out and get brilliant at male
mergers.
Is Excel power query.
I'm curious that power query set up.
Did you design that yourself or did
someone else? OK,
Yes. No, I did that. I yes,
I've done ADA 4 programme.
so you'll have to get power query.
I did that a couple of years.
We called out.
So that was that was my one sort of
takeaway was power query.
I will, OK.
But again it's using it and and and sort
of I did the more you use it the better
you get.
Isn't it?
And I think the purpose of like a power
Yeah.
query is that you set it once and it does
its thing,
so you're not creating new spreadsheets
every day,
or you're not working on new problems
every day.
So it's getting into that area of the
business whereby that constantly comes
around,
that you get comfortable with every query
and new queries and getting head round.
Lots of problems and things.
Good.
I mean, it's interesting,
just an awareness of DA 4 because
Yeah.
obviously you did a little bit of Python
in that, I think yeah, well,
Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
just because power query is quite rigid.
I find like it doesn't deal with Edge
faces very well. It has to be very.
Yeah.
But with like the tool I showed you on my
slide code,
it can very quickly write itself Python
scripts to solve your problem.
So if you just describe that power query
so that you've already set up,
it would actually write to your Python
script and then you can just execute
whenever you wanted.
Now that suddenly becomes very flexible
because Python.
You can do so much on your local files
and now we don't have to be brilliant at
Python to be able to write it.
We just have to know. Yeah,
Yeah.
it looks about right. So yeah,
I'm just repeating myself effectively.
I think there's lots of opportunity if I
get the chance.
I'd love to try to work with you.
You and if you have the time,
but I'll keep you updated and do reach
Yeah.
No, definitely.
out if you have any questions that I
could immediately help with then I will
try.
Fantastic. No, that's quite exciting.
None.
I I can't promise anything. I, as I said,
I don't have the direction,
No.
but I I think you you've got a very nice
cheesecake. So fingers crossed.
Well, hopefully, hopefully,
if we like you said,
go and talk to the right people.
Yeah, yeah.
I think there's ROI and they always like
to hit me with ROI. What's the return?
I think there's a lot of return,
but anyway go on.
Definitely. I mean,
we're talking about again just to add to
your ROI on there is we're talking about
expanding our department out.
Yeah.
So part of our job role is to support
Pdes,
coaches with facilitation or improving
their facilitation skills.
As well as supporting in sickness,
so the more time we can free up from what
we're doing,
we can step in and then support where the
sickness and jump in on last minute one
to ones or reviews or things like that.
Oh.
But we need that time to then be able to
develop ourselves or work with other
coaches to support them so.
Comfortable in facilitation,
which in itself the more coaches we get
to facilitate a launch,
then the less we have to step in and the
more we can then do for backup stuff or
the backup tasks,
there's a lot of editing and pieces and
things that we have to do with the
uploads for app time afterwards and that
takes a little bit of time as well
because.
We're now recording the launches,
but we have breakout rooms.
Yeah.
So your two choices,
you either run the session all the way
Yeah.
through or you stop them at the breakout
rooms.
Yeah.
But currently we try and get people to
stop at the breakout rooms because they
have conversations in the background.
So while the learners are aware they will
have conversations and you're like, well,
I can't leave that and can I, you know,
so we have to do a quite a bit of editing
and then as the launches increase,
we'll be doing more and more on the day,
which is obviously even more time
consuming for us.
I mean our peak just again when you talk
about that our peak coming up,
I've just looked in November,
we've got 17 launches on one day.
Which is a lot to manage in one day.
Even the background stuff of finishing
Yeah.
and sorting the workshop, stuff like that.
So.
I mean just that that case you're talking
about.
So where you're encouraging coaches to
sort of split their recordings during the
break hour and that is another just with
the AI tools,
it's effectively just have a look at this
folder.
They will all have the same ID,
so you just tell Claude they all have the
same ID.
Take the MP fours and then take these
five MP fours. Stitch them together,
create a new one and I know you probably
have editing tools to do it,
but it's a lot quicker just being able to
say just.
Do it and that's just again.
I keep going back.
Definitely would be, yeah.
You've got lots of messy use cases and
just being able to be tall enabled would
be, I think, a huge.
Yeah, yeah,
because because there's so many different
Huge win.
variables in there that actually,
you know,
it's one of those when people start
talking and you say, yeah,
this is this is how it works in theory.
But then there's this occasion.
And then there's that occasion.
And then there's this one.
And then there's that one.
And you're right.
It doesn't always run as smooth as you
would hope.
And as you would like.
And I know you brought up,
it's again your role being the RO.
You mentioned about the ROI by the sounds
of it as we're scaling and you are being
given more stuff to do.
One of the challenges I'm finding is I
could say to seniors, oh,
I could make PDA's got 5% more efficient
and it's like the.
What are they going to do with that time?
We haven't got a good mechanism as the
business sees it to get the money back.
But your role by the sounds of it,
they've already kind of got stuff that
you should be doing if the time was there.
Yeah.
So therefore the ROI is immediately
released, which is.
Yeah.
So I'm glad you mentioned that.
None.
Brilliant. Yeah. Thank you for,
for calling me back so quick.
It's really nice. Just a quick. Yeah.
And I will I press your case.
No problem.
And if if it does come up, I'll.
I'll get back to you.
And if you have any like questions that
you think I could AI just immediately
help here then please ask.
Definitely I will do. It's I'm.
I'm starting to think a bit more.
Cool. OK.
I'm starting with after that demo you
gave was was like all right. OK yeah.
Do you what AI tools do you currently use?
I use copilot and and I've got whatever I
got on my phone perplexity.
Yeah.
OK.
Only because it came free as part of O2.
So I've got a year's subscription with it
OK.
and I'll be honest at the minute,
this is what I was saying the last time.
It's not that I can't make use of it.
I just don't see a general use for it in
what I'm doing and where I am.
And you know,
I'm not being that or fair with it.
Yeah.
Therefore, I can't in my head.
I could say yes if we can ultimate doing
this and we can get this done,
but I couldn't even start to to think
about how to to sort of create that you
know.
Yeah,
this is where we have two hours just
sitting down here and then just you know,
it will charge you.
The enterprise could create this
spreadsheet for you and connect it to
this Word document be really valuable.
Umm.
Definitely.
OK, I'll have a thing and yeah,
hopefully we can make some progress.
But yeah. Yeah. Thanks for sharing.
Excellent. No, thank you.
That's like I say, quite exciting.